I am aged 60 and currently employed full time as a network engineering manager for British Telecom based in Chester and cover a large area of the North West and Wales. As I possess very rare diagnostic and commissioning skills within BT the prospects for early retirement are receding as the company 'migrates' the legacy network to the 21st Century Based Networks and I get more involved with this migration. My personal relationship with the Karen of Burma has been for over 35 Years as my father-in-law was born in Toungoo, Burma and was of Karen extraction. My proximity to this community led me to undertake a MA at Liverpool University and a second MA from Manchester in Cultural History of War under the supervision of Dr. Ana Carden-Coyne in 2010. I have visited Burma and the refugee camps on the border on numerous occasions, the last time being in 2013 where my wife sustained very serious injuries in a traffic accident which interrupted not only my research but my work and personal life as well.
I am originally from Brooklyn, NY but came to the UK to do my undergrad and Master’s degree at The University of Edinburgh. I’ve been a PhD student at Manchester since September 2013. In my spare time I enjoy performing, a good cocktail, and watching films.
A student of Manchester Metropolitan University and then the University of York, my focus at Manchester is on the assimilation of the Normans in England during the mid-Twelfth Century. In particular, my research focuses on the interaction of factors such as social class, occupation, language, gender, and more on the understanding and formation of English ethnic identity in this period, and seeks to apply this knowledge to the study of identity amongst those individuals of Norman descent below the level of the great magnates.
I completed both my BA and MA at the University of Liverpool, and PGCE at the University of Chester. I am currently a PhD candidate at The University of Manchester.
I originally studied Graphic Design at Camberwell College of Arts (UAL), before pursuing my interests in the history of the book and design history. I completed an MA in Medieval Studies at the University of Manchester in 2012. In addition to my academic work, I am currently the Coordinator for the Manchester Classics for All scheme.
I studied an undergraduate MA in History at the University of Aberdeen from 2009-2013, gaining a first class grade with honours and winning the Forbes Medal in History for best performance in mandatory examinations. From 2014-2016, I studied a part-time postgraduate Masters in the History of Science, Technology and Medicine at the University of Manchester, balancing postgraduate study with part time work and obtaining a distinction. I have given lectures and seminars on the history of science and technology at the Wilmslow Guild’s adult education classes and at the Centre for the History of Science, Technology and Medicine’s weekly postgraduate seminar series.
I studied International History and Politics at the University of Leeds from 2007-2010, where I largely focussed on British imperial history. From 2011-2012 I completed my MA in War, Culture and History at the University of Manchester and studied a diverse range of topics from Cold War historiographies to Professional Wrestling’s relationship to American national identity. I began my PhD research project at the University of Manchester in September 2013 after being awarded AHRC funding.
Originally from rural North Carolina, USA, I earned my BA in History and Medieval & Renaissance Studies (2008) and my MA in European History (2012) from East Carolina University. My MA thesis, under the direction of Professor Michael Enright, was entitled “The Role of Royal Power in the Formation of an Anglo-Saxon State, c. 400-900 AD.” After finishing my MA, I was appointed Teaching Instructor and Academic Coordinator for ECU’s Italy Intensives study abroad program based in Certaldo, Tuscany, and I spent three years living in Italy, teaching history, guiding tours to historic sites and museums, and generally helping run the program. Outside of academia, I’m interested in cooking, board games and other historical games, and fantasy literature (from pulp to contemporary). I’m also an avid musician and play guitar and banjo in bluegrass, country, and folk music.
I studied for my undergraduate degree at the University of Sussex between 2008-2011. I then spent three years in Oxford working as an editor at Oxford University Press and setting up a gender empowerment and music charity. I started a part-time MA in History at the University of Manchester in 2014, before being awarded the University of Manchester Faculty of Humanities PGR studentship in 2016 to undertake my PhD.
I have returned to study after a career in academic publishing (as Editorial Director at University of Exeter Press). I completed an MA in Medieval Studies at Manchester in 2011.
I completed a BA in History and a MSc in Late Antique and Byzantine Studies at the University of Oxford (2011-2015), with a special focus on cross-cultural exchanges in late antiquity. This remains my focus during my PhD and I am interested in all aspects of movement and transnational exchange, particularly in integrating concepts from the social sciences into historical studies.
MA (Distinction) in Historical Sciences at the University of Milan. Diploma in Archival Science, Palaeography and Diplomatics at the State Archives of Milan. BA (Hons) in History at the University of Milan. Volunteer and Project collaborator in the Department of Coins & Medals at The British Museum. Project collaborator for the University of Milan.
I completed my BA in History from Silpakorn University, Thailand, in 2013 before receiving a Thai Government’s scholarship to study in Master’s and PhD in European History. I had finished my MA in Modern History at the University of Kent in 2014; and moved to Manchester in January 2015 after I got accepted to study in the PhD program. European history and Southeast Asian history, mainland - to be precise, are what I am interested in.
I completed my BA in history at the University of Exeter in 2012 and received my MA in early modern history from the University of Manchester in 2013. I am also publicity officer for the North West Early Modern Seminar.
I completed both my BA (2014) and MA (2016) in History at the University of Manchester. In between, I spent ten months in China teaching English. Other interests include football and 80s pop.
I completed my BA in History at the University of Leeds in 2013, where I focused mainly on medieval exploration and the Crusades. I completed an MPhil in Political Thought and Intellectual History at the University of Cambridge in June 2016. My research looked at interpretations of ancient Rome in British historiography, philosophy and political thought, looking particularly at J.B. Bury, R.G. Collingwood, and Francis Haverfield and the Italian historian Guglielmo Ferrero.
I did my BA in Classical Studies at King's College London, then pursued my Master of Studies in the University of Oxford focusing on Late Antique and Byzantine Studies. With a general interest in history, I chose to pursue my research on forced displacement of the twentieth century.
I studied for my undergraduate degree in History here at the University of Manchester. In my third year I became interested in demonology and gender history and wrote my dissertation, under the supervision of Dr. Jenny Spinks, on sexuality in early modern French demonology. I graduated with first class honours in 2013. I subsequently spent a year working as a language assistant in France before taking up the Gender and History scholarship for the inaugural year of the MSc in Gender History at the University of Glasgow before returning to Manchester for my doctoral studies.
While working toward degrees in art history at La Sapienza – University of Rome (BA cum laude 2013 and MA cum laude 2015), I spent one semester as a visiting student at the EPHE and at the École du Louvre in Paris and worked as a student research assistant at the KHI in Florenz – Max-Planck-Institut. My research focused on the role of art in the promotion of saints' cults in late medieval and Renaissance Italy. The dissertation for my MPhil degree (Cantab 2016) concerned the patronage of Franciscan Observants, a topic which I continued to research this past year as a recipient of the Sapienza Perfezionamento all’Estero scholarship. My interest in the interrelations between aesthetic ideals and functional necessities in the production of religious art and architecture led me to the study of the aftermath of a moment of upheaval in the history of Florence, the Siege of 1530 – an event which brought about substantial changes in the urban fabric and the displacement of many works of art.
I studied for an MA in History of Art at the Courtauld Institute of Art under the supervision of Professors Joanna Woodall and Eric Jorink, where she was awarded a distinction for her dissertation on Florentius Schuyl's illustrations for Descartes' Treatise on Man. She received a double first in her BA in English from the University of Cambridge in 2012.
I have a long-standing interest in science as, prior to starting her BA in History of Art, she studied Physics, Chemistry, and Maths in a French classe préparatoire. Recently, she also took part in the Middle French Paleography Workshop organised by The Making and Knowing Project (led by Prof. Pamela Smith) at the University of Columbia in New York, where she received intensive training in Middle French manuscript reading and helped to the translation and digital encoding of BnF Ms. Fr. 640 – a sixteenth-century compilation of technical recipes written by an anonymous French craftsperson.
I graduated from St John's College, Cambridge with a First Class BA in History of Art, before continuing to complete the MPhil in History of Art and Architecture with Distinction. My MPhil thesis researched the symbolism of clocks and dials in the material and visual culture of Tudor England, and was part-funded by the George Daniels Educational Trust, administered by the British Horological Institute and the Worshipful Company of Clockmakers. With this research I was runner-up in the University of Cambridge's Three Minute Thesis Competition Final 2015.
Her research interests focus on Southern Italy as a locus of cultural contact, exploring the relationship between the Franco-Italian Angevin aristocrats and the local Greek- and Latin-rite population. In addition to issues of transculturation, gender is also relevant to her research, with patterns of female patronage in need of being recognised and normalised. More generally, Maria is fascinated by the production of cultural identities, especially in terms of the (re)interpretation of the (medieval) past in modern national identities. The construction of southern Italian identity vis-à-vis that of the North is of particular relevance to her.
I came to graduate study having completed my BA in History of Art and Architecture at King's College, Cambridge, in which I was awarded a Double-Starred First Class degree. My undergraduate dissertations focused on late-nineteenth and early-twentieth century art, particularly the work of the Bloomsbury Group, and my interest in these areas continues. I have written on art and literature for publications in print and online including The Inkling, The London Magazine and the Times Literary Supplement.
I did funded internships at the History of Art Department at the UniFI in Florence, and in the Schnütgen Museum in Cologne. She also worked as an art historian for archival and art historical research connected with the restoration of medieval wall paintings in churches in Slovakia. Her previous publications are focused on medieval Christian iconography, wall paintings, and Italian and central European art, with an emphasis on the fourteenth century.
I completed the History of Art BA at King’s College, Cambridge, in 2014, and then worked for the Art Fund, the national fundraising organisation for museums and galleries. Lizzie resumed her studies in Cambridge in 2015 to read the MPhil in History of Art at Peterhouse, funded by the Newton College Masters Studentship Scheme. She continued to work with her supervisor Jean Michel Massing exploring the imagery of proverbs. Lizzie's research covered representations of proverbs in early eighteenth century playing cards, depictions of ‘broomstick weddings’ and adages surrounding the scent of melons. It was this latter aspect of her MPhil research that introduced her to the great potential of looking at Early Modern imagery through the olfactory.
I studied with Professor John Lowden at the Courtauld Institute of Art, where she was awarded Distinction for her MA dissertation on Western medieval anatomical illuminations. She received a BA with High Distinction in Art History and French Language and Literature from the University of Virginia.
I studied Russian at the State Pushkin Institute in Moscow and went on to receive her BA from the University of Oxford (History, 2013) and MA from the Courtauld Institute of Art (History of Art, 2015), where her dissertation on the work of Ilya Repin won the Director’s Prize. Since summer 2016 she has been based in Moscow, where she is conducting long-term archival research funded by the Leverhulme Trust.
She completed her MA in art history from the University of Nebraska in 2011. Her MA thesis examined pre-existing systems of reciprocal gift-exchange influential to the development of Hellenistic euergetism. During her coursework at the University of Nebraska she won the Howard Award for Scholarly Writing in Art History for her paper entitled, “Revival Styles in the Crescent City: Local Peculiarities and National Trends.” Bailey attended the American School of Classical Studies summer session and taught art history courses as an adjunct until entering the PhD program in 2014. She has excavated with the University of Nebraska’s Antiochia ad Cragum Research Project and Field School and with Prof. Mylonopoulos’s team at the sanctuary of Poseidon at Onchestos.
He received his M.A. in East Asian Art History and Japanese Studies from the University of Heidelberg; his master's thesis centered on folding screen paintings by the Edo period painter Maruyama Okyo. His dissertation will investigate large-scale interior paintings on sliding doors and wall panels by the same artist, commissioned by Buddhist temples in and around Kyoto during the latter half of the 18th century. His broader interests include the critical perception of pre-modern, particularly Edo period art during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
I received my B.A. in art history and history from Williams College in 2010. She taught English for the French Ministry of Education in Paris during the 2010-2011 academic year. In 2012, she earned her M.A. in the History of Art from the Courtauld Institute of Art, where she studied eighteenth-century French and British drawings. Margot has also worked at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Frick Collection, the Morgan Library & Museum, the New-York Historical Society, the Calder Foundation, and the Williams College Museum of Art.
She earned her M.A. (2013) and M.Phil. (2014) from Columbia and her B.A. in Art History and French from Vassar College (2010). As an undergraduate, she wrote a thesis about projects--including one by Philip Johnson--for a new chapel at Vassar in the 1950s, and she worked for two summers at Frank Lloyd Wright's Robie House. Before entering the Ph.D. program in 2011, Lindsay contributed to an exhaustive public sculpture database for the Chicago Park District, worked on the 2011 French Decorative Arts Symposium at the Alliance Française de Chicago, and served as a panorama photographer for Mapping Gothic France. Her M.A. paper at Columbia considered the propaganda value of photography in a 1919 book about Reims Cathedral. She contributed to the Rare Book and Manuscript Library exhibition of medieval Bibles Writing the Word, the digital humanities project Chant Manuscripts, and the print catalogue for The Architect's Library, an exhibition of notable architectural books from the collection at Vassar.
completed her B.A. in Art History at Stanford University in 2006. She is a PhD candidate completing a dissertation on the participatory and film-based work produced by two Brazilian artists, Hélio Oiticica and Lygia Pape, in the late 1960s through the 1970s. Her work focuses largely on art of African diasporas, (Afro)Latinx diasporas, and Latin America at the varied intersections of race, gender, and queer theory. Vivian has previously worked at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, where she held a three-year position as a research assistant in the museum’s Painting and Sculpture department and currently works independently with various institutions and senior scholars. She recently published a comprehensive chronology on Lygia Pape for the 2017 Met Breuer Pape retrospective. In 2015 she was a guest curator for Dirty Look’s biennial On Location series, a month-long series of site-specific screenings of queer cinema around New York City.
graduated from Colgate University with a B.A. in Creative Writing and Medieval and Renaissance Studies, and she holds M.A. degrees in Italian (Middlebury College), Music Performance (Queens College), and Art History (University of Pennsylvania). She joined the doctoral program at Columbia in 2011 and received her M.Phil. in 2013. Her dissertation on painted organ shutters produced in Renaissance Italy aims to establish a new interpretive framework for these objects in light of their original musico-liturgical context. Sophia’s research has been supported by an RSA-Kress Centro Branca Research Fellowship, a Rudolf Wittkower Dissertation Grant, a Gladys Krieble Delmas Foundation Grant, a Casa Muraro Residential Fellowship, and a Mellon Humanities International Travel Fellowship.
I graduated from the University of Bologna in 2009 with a degree in classical languages and cultures. My access into the American Academia was at first through a Master’s in Romance Languages and Cultures, when I had the opportunity to teach Italian to undergraduate students for two years. I went back to the field of classical studies in 2011, joining the MA in Classics at the University of Notre Dame. During this time, I started to concentrate on Latin literature of the early imperial age. My current research focuses on the interrelation of literary works and the Roman imperial regime, to understand what (and how) literature reveals of Roman social and cultural history of that time.
graduated summa cum laude from the University of Central Florida in the spring of 2015 with a B.A. in English Literature and a minor in Cinema Studies. After graduating, he worked for a year mentoring youth in foster care and the juvenile justice system. At Georgetown, Vincent is a Community Scholar TA and looks to produce a podcast series on the institutional injustices within the child welfare system.
graduated with her B.A. in English from Florida Atlantic University. While there she participated in the honor's program where she produced a thesis on Buffy the Vampire Slayer as a recreation of classic Greek theater. She also has acted as a Dramaturg for the San Francisco Shakespeare Fesitval during the summer of 2015. While at Georgetown she hopes to combine her love of technology with classic literature like Shakespeare.
grew up in Seattle, Washington, and still calls it home. He graduated in 2015 from Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with a B.A. in English Literature and Broadcasting/Digital Media. Since 2013, he has been working as a guide for Rick Steves’ Europe, where he enjoys having the opportunity to teach travelers about European customs, history, and literature. At Georgetown, Travis is excited to continue examining ecocritical pedagogy and evaluating its current and potential impact on college students in the 21st century.
grew up in Mumbai, India and graduated cum laude from Dartmouth College in 2016 with a double major in English and Psychology. She wrote a collection of short stories as her undergraduate honors thesis and is having it published this year in the form of her first book, A City of Sungazers. Her academic interests include law and literature, post 9/11 military prisons and comparative race studies. After she completes her M.A. from Georgetown, she hopes to pursue a PhD in English/Cultural Studies.
originally from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, graduated from Pennsylvania State University in 2015 with a B.S. in Secondary English Education, a B.A. in English, and a minor in Special Education. She taught ninth and tenth grade English before beginning her graduate studies at Georgetown. Her academic interests center around cultural studies, especially involving the ties between language and justice in America. Alyvia also serves as a teaching assistant for Georgetown's Community Scholars program. Upon completion of her master's, she plans to pursue her PhD in American or cultural studies.
graduated Cum Laude from Loyola Marymount University where he received a Bachelors in English. He will be new to the D.C. area and is very excited about starting his Masters at Georgetown. He's even more excited about the opening of the museum of African-American history! Go Hoyas!
graduated magna cum laude from Lee University in 2016 with a B.A. in English Literature. At Georgetown, she is the EGSA Social Chair and a Graduate Writing Associate. Her research interests include ecological bildungsromans, material ecocriticism, and environmental crises as depicted in contemporary literature. Hannah Mae’s feline counterpart, Beatrix, is interested in Victorian mousing methods and the history of second and third breakfasts (“elevensies”).
graduated summa cum laude from the University of California-Santa Barbara with degrees in English and Feminist Studies, and minors in Professional Writing, Theater, and LGBTQ Studies. Her research interests include feminist and queer theory, performance and utopian studies, and experimental materialism. While living in a haunted house on the California coast, Sally worked in indie publishing and political journalism, and developed speculative performance pieces with feedback from the ghosts. At Georgetown, Sally serves as a Graduate Writing Associate in Writing & Culture. She enjoys hot homemade popcorn and a good vintage pantsuit.
graduated from Sewanee: The University of the South in May 2016, where she earned her B.A. with Honors in English and the Andrew Nelson Lytle Prize for Excellence in English and Southern Studies. She is writing her M.A. thesis on W.H. Auden’s The Age of Anxiety; her academic interests include 19th Century British and American literature, Continental Philosophy, Critical Theory, Shakespeare, and Modern Poetry. In January 2017, she was named a Cosmos Scholar, and received a research grant from the Cosmos Club Foundation to launch a critical biography project. She spent the summer stationed at Yale, conducting archival research and traveling to various sites including Cornell and NYU; she will continue to work on the manuscript throughout the upcoming year. Her criticism appears in Janus Head: An Interdisciplinary Journal for Literature, Philosophy, Phenomenological Psychology, and the Arts, and she has been invited to present a paper on Nietzsche, Freud, and Hamlet.
native of Seattle, Washington, graduated Magna Cum Laude from Seattle University with a B.A. in English and a minor in French. After graduating from college, Annie spent a year teaching English in a town outside of Nantes, France. At Georgetown, she works as Graduate Assistant for the Center for Social Justice. Her capstone research focuses on high school English curricular changes, specifically how teachers can use literature during times of social upheaval.
graduated from Peking University in Beijing, China in 2016 with a B. A. in English Language and Literature. Her first year at Georgetown is characterized by her effort to reconcile her past literary study, which was all about canonical writers and texts, and her present study that is infiltrated with different approaches to and radical debates about literary studies. She chose Joseph Conrad as a starting point to explore Late Victorian and Edwardian Literature. Her thesis project puts Conrad in the modernist context and deals with his works in several critical conversations.
graduated magna cum laude from the College of Wooster in 2016 with a B.A. in English. At Georgetown, Tess enjoys working as a CNDLS Associate and studying nineteenth-century British literature and the digital humanities. Her current research investigates digital texts of Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein to better understand the animation and assemblage of new technological and corporeal bodies.
grew up in Dallas, Texas, but escaped early and often, and has lived in Boston, Guanajuato City, New Delhi, and on the high seas thanks to the Institute for Shipboard Education. She graduated summa cum laude from the University of Pittsburgh in 2011 with a degree in Religious Studies. She is interested in pedagogy, mythology, and the power of science fiction to examine our society or imagine new ones. She also enjoys poetry, cooking, and bumping into low-hanging wind chimes.
graduated with a B.A. in English and minor in History in 2016 from the College of William & Mary. Trained as a bookbinder in Colonial Williamsburg, she endeavors to learn everything about books as physical objects as well as intellectual ones. In addition to books she enjoys musical theatre, caffeine, and animals of all kinds. She hopes to build upon her love of books and knowledge of conservation to help ensure the enjoyment of literature for future generations, if not only for her own pleasure.
grew up in Karaganda, Kazakhstan and graduated from MHTI-Lingua University (now known as Central Kazakhstan University), majoring in Foreign Linguistics. After graduating, she taught English for six years at Central Kazakhstan Academy. Her current research interest is exploring and designing new approaches of teaching English and literature, especially across linguistic and cultural borders.
graduated from the University of Illinois in 2016 with a B.A. in English and minor in Communications and African American Studies. Her undergraduate research includes a historical review of protest and poetry within black communities and a documentary exploring the experiences of minority students at predominantly white institutions. She continues in the Georgetown English department as a teaching assistant for the Community Scholars Program.
graduated from Oberlin College, with a degree in English, Theater, and Gender, Sexuality, and Feminist Studies. Before coming to Georgetown, he worked at the Paley Center for Media and the BNU-HKBU United International College. In 2015, Jacob was awarded the Fulbright U.S. Student Scholarship for Macau. He currently serves as a Graduate Writing Associate in Writing and Culture, and during the fall semester, he will be conducting research for the U.S. State Department’s Diplomatic Reception Rooms. His own scholarship focuses on emotional/sensory perception and affective approaches to the body and its material in the long eighteenth century.
received her B.A. in American Literature and Culture and Women’s Studies from UCLA in 2013. Her most recent article “(Deaf)iant Architects: ASL Poetics and Concrete / Corporeal Spatiality in the Deaf Diaspora” was published in Georgetown’s gnovis: a journal of communication, culture, and technology, and her poems have been featured in Vagabond: A Multilingual Literary Journal, The Pomona Valley Review, and The Anthem. A 2017 Homeschool Hudson Poetry Fellow, her writing has been supported by Philippine American Writers and Artists, Inc. (PAWA). She currently serves as the Lannan Associate for the Lannan Center for Poetics and Social Practice.
graduated with degrees in English and Gender, Women’s, and Sexuality Studies from Grinnell College in rural Iowa. While in DC, she’s worked in publishing, education, and the nonprofit sector. Her academic interests include gender, genre, and race, as well as their political and aesthetic implications in popular culture. Audrey is interested in the negotiation of identity, subjectivity, and ideology within the realm of popular genre fiction. For her capstone, she aims to explore the intersections between pleasure, genre, ideology, and disability in the popular novel. In her free time, Audrey enjoys RuPaul’s Drag Race, superhero movies, and true crime podcasts.
