I was born and raised in Athens, Greece, where I also studied Electrical and Computer Engineering in the National Technical University of Athens. During my undergraduate studies, I developed an interest in Machine Intelligence and its correlation with Biomedical Engineering, especially the areas of neural networks, computer vision and pattern recognition and how they could work towards imitating human behaviour. I am very excited to join the CDT in AIMS, study these interconnected areas and gain knowledge and interest in new scientific fields. Outside of studies, I enjoy travelling, dancing the lindy hop and other swing dances and listening to music! 
I am a Japanese German and studied physics at the LMU Munich (with an exchange semester at the University of Tokyo). During that time, I also started a second BSc in economics which I recently finished with my thesis at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact studies. After my physics degree, I spent a year founding a nonprofit student consultancy in Munich and gaining some practical experiences. This was followed by the MSc in Mathematical Modelling Scientific Computing at the University of Oxford where I focussed on complex networks, machine learning, mathematical analytics and complexity economics. This naturally lead me to a machine learning internship at TransferWise and also to this CDT where I am excited to work on impactful challenges. 
I was born and raised in South West England and graduated in 2016 with a Master of Physics (MPhys) from Oriel College, Oxford. I spent the following year working as an Investment Analyst and Trader in London. During my studies, I worked in an interdisciplinary research group where I developed and compared computational models of photon and proton therapy treatment plans for Glioblastoma Multiforme patients. I also worked in a Condensed Matter group investigating, and building apparatus for, the manipulation of microscopic particles in electrodynamic traps. The interdisciplinary nature of the AIMS CDT greatly appeals to me and I am very excited to be starting in October 2017.
I was born and raised in Aurangabad, India, a city well known as the gateway to the famous Ajanta and Ellora Caves. In the past few decades, it flourished as an industrial town, elements of which contributed towards my passion for industrial research. I obtained my Bachelor’s in Electronics Engineering from the University of Mumbai where my primary focus was on Embedded Systems for Mobile Robotics applications. At Oxford, I intend to work on Machine Learning techniques to Optimize Non-Linear Control in Under-actuated Robotic Systems. If not studying, I’ll mostly be found either completing an abstract painting, at the gym, indie traveling to a place not much heard of, or working on building a Robotics Venture.
Originally from Taiwan, I have spent most of my time in Paris over the past six years. Two years of theoretical mathematics and physics at Lycée Louis Le Grand have prepared me to enter Ecole Polytechnique, where I have studied a broad range of scientific subjects, with an emphasis on Computer Science. I also completed an MSc in Data Science in the Department of Applied Mathematics at the University of Paris-Saclay. During my studies, I have developed interests in reinforcement learning and robotics. I am thrilled to explore different topics in the field of AIMS. Outside of work, I enjoy high energy activities, such as hiking, running and swimming, and also extreme sports, gliding and scuba diving. 
I’m from Hamburg, Northern Germany. I graduated this year with a Master in Maths and Computer Science (MMathCompSci) from Worcester College, Oxford. My master thesis included complexity results in the area of computational choice theory. Having focused on various fields of AI such as machine learning and game theory in my final year, I’m looking forward to applying these skills to robotics as part of the CDT for Autonomous Intelligent Machines and Systems. My hobbies include piano, football, tennis and hockey, as well as windsurfing and skiing.
I’m from Northampton in the East Midlands of England. I did my undergraduate degree at the University of Warwick where I studied Discrete Mathematics, a combination of computer science, mathematics and statistics. I then ventured into applying mathematics to biology at the University of Cambridge where I completed an MPhil in Computational Biology. My thesis focused on the utility of deep learning to computational biology. Inspired by my research into deep learning I went on to spend a year working for the university as a research assistant applying deep learning to unsolved problems in epigenetics at the MRC Biostatistics Unit and species classification from images at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics. I am interested in Machine Learning and Deep Learning.
I am from Rabat, Morocco, where I studied advanced Mathematics and Physics at Lycée Moulay Youssef Preparatory Classes. I completed my Engineering degree in signal and image processing at ENSEIRB-MATMECA in Bordeaux, France, followed by a MSc in applied mathematics with a focus on machine learning and computer vision at Ecole Normale Superieure of Cachan (Paris area). After a three-year experience in the autonomous driving field, working on perception solutions, I am thrilled to deepen my academic knowledge in Artificial Intelligence as a part of the CDT in AIMS. Apart from that, my hobbies include learning foreign languages (lately Japanese) and playing the harp.
Graduated from Maynooth University with a degree in Computational Thinking. During this time I was an exchange student in University of Toronto where my interest in Computer Vision and Machine Learning began. During my final year project I worked on machine perception, object recognition and tracking which I hope to explore further as part of the AIMS program. Outside of this I enjoy cycling, technology, traveling and solving problems.
I am from Essex, UK and lived in Durham for my Masters degree in physics. I was a geophysicist for BP for five years, living in London. During this time I wrote a patent about seismic imaging, helped to explore for oil and gas fields in Egypt and co-founded a data science community in BP which connected over four hundred people worldwide. Before BP I developed a novel navigational warfare system with the Ministry of Defence and worked as a financial analyst during the London 2012 Olympic Games. For my Masters project I researched next-generation spectrometers for their use in astronomy. I have a strong interest in the field of AI, its ethics, its widespread applications in industry and the integration of learning and reasoning systems. In my spare time I am learning to play the piano, volunteer for a homeless charity and love a good bouldering problem.
I’m from Cambridge where I grew up and attended school. In 2014 I graduated from Imperial College London with an MEng in Mechanical Engineering. After working for an engineering consultancy firm for roughly a year in 2016 I decided to return to academia and pursue my interest in machine learning by studying an MSc in Computational Statistics and Machine Learning at UCL. I have a particular interest in machine vision and its application to self driving cars. This topic will be the focus of my DPhil which I will complete with help from my sponsors Toshiba & EPSRC.
I graduated with a MEng in Engineering Science from Oxford in 2017. My masters project involved creating a framework for running convolutional neural networks on mobile GPUs. I look forward to getting more experience with CNNs and other areas of vison/ learning during my AIMS studies. I’ve always loved technology and I’m excited by the fact that AIMS will allow me to pursue a career helping to build some of the most innovative new technologies.
I am from Cologne, Germany. I received a B.S. in Applied Mathematics and Economics from Yale University and an M.Sc. in Applied Statistics from the University of Oxford, where I’ve been fortunate enough to be supported by the Rhodes Scholarship. During my time at Yale, I also studied theoretical computer science, quantum physics, analytic philosophy, and history while conducting research on game theory, financial economics, and international trade theory. My interest in computational learning theory and my work in game theory ultimately led to my transition to statistics and machine learning. Prior to studying statistics at Oxford, I was as a consultant for the European Central Bank, worked as a research assistant in economics, and interned in bond trading. My current research interests span the theory and applications of Bayesian statistics, deep learning, and reinforcement learning. In my spare time, I enjoy reading philosophy, learning Mandarin, and playing recreational sports.
’m from Chesterfield in north Derbyshire. I did an MPhys at the University of Manchester, and during my degree I became interested in programming, statistics and machine learning. During my time at Manchester, I spent a summer on an undergraduate science program in South Korea, experimented with ways to improve the vision system in a robot arm with a company in Cambridge, and did my final year project on learning algorithms for detecting pulsars and transients in radio astronomy. I’m really excited to do more work on machine intelligence and related fields with the CDT.
was born and raised in Thessaloniki, Greece, where I obtained a diploma in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the Aristotle University. During my studies there, I participated in the Pandora robotics team as a software architect. I have also worked and studied in Zürich and Madrid. I am interested in machine learning, particularly the use of deep and reinforcement learning for the development of autonomous agents. I am enthusiastic about traveling and enjoy swimming, football and cinema
Graduated MEng Engineering Science from the University of Oxford 2013. The last 3 years I have been working with IBM Research Africa in Nairobi, Kenya. Developing applied technology solutions in the domains of Education and Healthcare. I look forward to furthering my academic interest in machine intelligence, towards tackling new challenges with technology.
I am from Erlangen, Germany (close to Nuremberg and two hours north of Munich). I studied physics at the Universities of Erlangen, Heidelberg, and Imperial College London. Alongside my studies, I gained experience in consulting, co-founded a startup and did some awesome sports climbing. In physics, I have enjoyed computational work the most, specifically developing and implementing complex algorithms. In my twelve-month M.Sc. project (in Germany the M.Sc. lasts for two years), I simulated virus self-assembly in hydrodynamic flow. Fascinated by recent developments in artificial intelligence and by the possibilities which have opened up, I am thrilled to join the AIMS CDT in October 2016.
Graduated in Computational Physics from The University of Edinburgh. Meanwhile studying I spent a year abroad at University of California, Berkeley where my interest in machine learning started. I am interested in high-tech and software industries, automation (especially using cutting-edge machine learning solutions), IoT, sensor networks, big data trends and data science. Apart from that I’m a fan of plain text emails, amateur gym-goer and an avid FIFA player.
I gained my MMath from the University of Nottingham in 2015 and had the pleasure of completing a summer research internship during my time there, within the relativistic quantum information group. I am thrilled to be joining the AIMS program and I cannot wait to explore all that it offers. My personal interests are in developing new learning processes that use information in interesting ways, whether that be in the classical sense or the non-classical sense. Although, with all that the AIMS program offers I am bound to develop many other personal interests. Outside of academia I enjoy fell running, rock climbing, all types of cycling, the Discworld series, Arduino sets and observing the interplay of electronic, natural and human systems.
I’m from London. I studied Computing as an undergrad at Imperial, where I co-wrote a bare metal chess game in pure assembly, interned at Google a few times, built some machine learning into their products, and for my final year project invented a new image matching algorithm. I look forward to exploring these interconnected areas and more in the CDT. My hobbies include listening to a lot of music, animals, and taking random walks.
I am from Beijing, China and have been studying in the UK for the last 6 years. I have gained huge interest from my undergrad and master degree of Engineering at Oxford in the areas of machine learning, networks, signal processing and robotics, and wish to gain further knowledge of them during my postgraduate study. I like technology, travel and food, and love to meet people sharing the same interests!
I am from Catania, Italy. I have received the BSc degree in Mathematics from the University of Catania, with a thesis on evolutionary algorithms for solar cell design. Pareto-oriented analysis for synthetic biology design problems was the main theme discussed in my Master thesis. I also had the chance to work on pacemaker modeling and analysis during two summer internships in the VERIWARE project. I enjoy swimming, playing the blues harp and I really like opera.
I graduated in summer 2015 with a MEng in Engineering Science at Keble College, Oxford. During my final year I investigated the use of Gaussian Processes for sequential changepoint detection in financial time series. In the past year I worked for an energy consultancy as an analyst and a location management company as a publisher specialist. I am excited to return to Oxford and pursue my passion for artificial intelligence and machine learning. My hobbies include piano, guitar, sketching, gym, running and cooking.
I grew up in Milton Keynes and did my undergrad in maths at Cambridge, followed by a maths and computer science masters at Oxford. I’ve been working in the software industry in London since 2012, but I’ve decided that researching autonomous systems sounds more fun than building websites so I’m very excited to be starting on AIMS.
I was born and raised in Paris, France, where I have benefitted from a multidisciplinary education: after two years of theoretical mathematics and physics at Lycée Sainte Genevieve, I have studied a broad range of engineering subjects at Ecole Centrale Paris, with an emphasis on computer science and applied mathematics. While there, I also completed a Bachelor of Science degree in Fundamental Physics at University Paris-Sud. I went last year to University of California, Berkeley, for a Master of Engineering in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research. After an internship at Thales Research & Technology, I am now thrilled to join the Autonomous Intelligent Machines and Systems program to further my passion for artificial intelligence and machine learning.
I’m from the island of Bermuda but have spent the past four years in Scotland where I attended the University of Edinburgh and studied for a BSc in Artificial Intelligence and Computer Science. In my final year at Edinburgh I was able to pursue my interest in robotics for the first time by working on my robot drawing dissertation project, the ‘Robot Picasso’, with the SLMC robotics group. I have been elected as the Rhodes Scholar from Bermuda for 2015 and will be attending Lincoln College. I am very excited to be starting the CDT in Autonomous Intelligent Machines and Systems and continuing to explore the world of robotics.
I completed my undergraduate degree in Engineering Science at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford. Having particularly enjoyed working on the detection of exoplanets in large data sets for my final year project, I am excited to explore other areas in the field of AIMS. My hobbies include football, running, swimming and golf.
I am originally from Australia, and grew up mostly in Melbourne. I began university as a philosophy major at the University of Melbourne before transferring to study pure mathematics and electrical engineering, and then completed an Honours year in applied mathematics at Monash University with a thesis topic in computer vision. Along the way, I also gained some research experience in program analysis at the University of Melbourne, and in robotics with the CSIRO. I am particularly interested in artificial intelligence topics within a robotics context. I also enjoy cycling, hiking, and playing contemporary and classical guitar.
I am from Germany where I have been studying Physics (MSc) and Economics (BSc) in Munich. Over the last two years I also have been quite active at the Centre for Digital Technology and Management, a University program here in Munich dedicated to entrepreneurship. There, and also during my studies of Physics, I’ve developed a strong interest in Machine Learning and its applications. In my free time I like to go climbing or hiking. The last time I was in England (I was at the University of Warwick for one year) I also did quite a lot of Tango Argentino.
’m German-American but have lived in the UK for over ten years now. I studied at Oxford for a Masters in Physics, but am looking forward to shifting my academic focus for the CDT in AIMS. I’m particularly interested in how humans interact with autonomous systems, and in natural language processing. In my spare time I love to play guitar!
My name is Kevin Judd, and I live between Baltimore and Washington D.C. in the U.S. with my parents, younger sister, and my dog and cat I graduated from the University of Maryland College Park with degrees in both Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. Outside of class and work, I enjoy the outdoors and being active. I love running and playing sports, as well as cooking and music. I’m always excited by the opportunity to travel to new places and meet new people.
Originally from Ukraine, I have attended schools in London, Kiev and Germany. I then went on to study Engineering Science at Wadham College, Oxford. In my fourth year project I worked on signal processing and probabilistic machine learning techniques to aid the detection of pulsars. Outside of studies I take an interest in music and guitar. I am looking forward to further expanding and applying my knowledge at AIMS.
From Athens, Greece, studied Electrical and Computer Engineering in the NTU of Athens. Took special interest in Power Systems, but soon was more attracted to Control Systems and Machine Intelligence. As part of the CDT in AIMS looks to take part in the research creating a new generation of intelligent systems, propelled by learning from big data and cooperation between multiple agents.
am from Greece, where I studied Electrical & Computer Engineering (5-year Diploma) at Aristotle University of Thessaloniki. During this period, I was an exchange student in EPFL for 2 semesters, where I also made my diploma thesis in controlling kites for energy harvesting. I am excited about modern control methodologies, including, but not limited to, data driven techniques.
I graduated in MEng Intelligent & Robotic Systems at Lancaster University in 2014 and co-founded a Sharing Economy limited partnership in the same year. I am interested in exploring and developing collaborative AI agents reflecting the social roles of humans, as well as pushing the bleeding edge of autonomous complex systems modelling and prediction. I am a keen entrepreneur, and hope to discover new applications for Artificial Intelligence to benefit humankind.
I completed my MSc in mathematics at Imperial College London in 2014. Previous to that I was a structured trader, followed by a quant strategist in Fixed Income division at UBS investment bank, where I started to be fascinated and intrigued with machine learning methods. I further have a keen interest in Bayesian statistics, neural networks, and complex systems.
I did my undergrad in mathematics at Oxford, before doing a Masters in computer science Trinity College, Dublin. I’m interested in AI, particularly computer vision and learning.
After growing up in New Zealand, Syria and London, my family moved near Banbury in 2004. I did my undergraduate Engineering Science at New College, culminating in my 4th Year Project where I investigated trends in the Afghanistan War using Log-Gaussian Cox Processes. Outside of Engineering I enjoy Windsurfing, Aussie Rules Football, Hockey and Skiing. I look forward to continuing my studies at Worcester College.
I’m British-Indian and grew up in Fontainebleau, a lovely small town on the outskirts of Paris. Halfway through my schooling I moved to the UK, and have spent most of the past 2 decades based in London. Following an undergraduate degree in Mathematics at Imperial College, I began work in debt capital markets at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein in 2002. I subsequently took a year out from investment banking to complete an MSc in Finance and Economics at the LSE to expand my personal knowledge. This opened new and vastly more exciting doors in my sector, so I plunged back in as a trader in commodity exotic derivatives at Deutsche Bank, where I spent much of my twenties. I completed the MSc in Computer Science at Oxford in September 2012 and have ever since been keenly interested in the application of machine learning techniques to pattern recognition in complex datasets.
I am from India but was in the US for my undergraduate work in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of California, Berkeley. I am interested in computer vision, robotics and machine learning methods. Recently, I have worked on learning robotic manipulation from human demonstrations, specifically, learning surgical suturing. I have also worked on 6DOF tracking system for large-scale demonstration collection. My time at Oxford is being funded by the generous Clarendon Fund and Balliol College Eddie Dinshaw Scholarship.
I originate from Kent in southeastern England and conducted my BSc in Computer Science at Goldsmiths College, University of London. During my study for my Batchelor’s degree I developed an interest in Machine Learning and Adaptive Systems. This interest has lead to my participation in the CDT in Autonomous Intelligent Machines and Systems. In particular, I am interested in applications of Machine Learning, Computer Vision and Agent Systems to Robotics.
I am from Romania and moved to the UK to start university. I obtained my Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science from the University of Surrey in 2012 and my Master from University of Oxford in 2013. Having spent a year as Software Engineer in a London-based “big data” start-up, I am now eager to move into Engineering Science throw the CDT in Autonomous Intelligent Machines and Systems.
I’m from London where I studied Physics (MSci) at Imperial College. I then took a year out to make a micro-budget movie (a long standing hobby) before coming to Oxford for an MSc in Computer Science. Within the MSc I was most interested in Intelligent Systems and Machine Learning and am excited to expand on these and related areas in the CDT.
I was born in Wales but grew up near Alicante in Spain. I studied MEng Computing at Imperial College London. After graduating I spent some time travelling across North America before starting work at Mirriad, collaborating with Oxford on a TSB funded project using deep learning for video analysis. I am interested in Computer Vision and Machine Learning, especially object recognition and scene understanding.
Graduated from the Australian National University in 2013 with a Bachelor of Statistics and Economics with First Class Honours in Statistics, topping his cohort. He received the first and second year economic prizes for the highest overall marks, and was also a recipient, during his studies, of the Statistical Society of Australia’s Young Statisticians Award. His research interests lie in the fields of machine learning and Bayesian statistics, and at Oxford he intends to work on developing the next generation of intelligent systems that can understand natural language. Alongside his academic work, Stefan has worked as an ANU teaching assistant in maths, economics, and computer science, as well as supporting outreach and school support work coordinated by the university. Outside of study, his interests include drumming, classical music, and photography. On completion of the DPhil he hopes to either continue work in the field of academia or establish himself as a big data entrepreneur.